one on. Untenable. As a goal situation, I have to deal with my 1st 06
Command. I had to bring the mast in five who sexually harassed no floor
in command. I brand new to this command. This is honestly the first
day off. And I have made aware of this, um, as they have the executive
also draw off. That's why for the man to last and recommended
he be drawn 22 a half months later, 22 out of my 24 months command.
22 a half months later, Madouas drove. Uh, so it was a highly on terrible
ethical situation that that member placed me because he wanted
to talkto. Can I talk to you, Skipper? You know what? You want to
talk about it, and you're now a commanding officer that you cannot be
biased. You cannot let this untenable situation reach a point where
you are going to be compromised. So I was not going a lot five Dr.
And as a result that I was clear. Thio had a clear field until two